Chapter 01

Mei stared at the bumper of the Jaguar F-Type, her eyes almost burning holes into the intricately designed aluminum. Finally it shifted forward, maybe by a foot or two. Mei followed closely behind. A chase and dance that would likely cost her another twenty minutes this evening.

She hated bumper to bumper traffic, like every other commuter in San Cisco. Except today was a day she couldn’t risk being late for. The director of her department had invited her to a dinner downtown at a restaurant too fancy for her to pronounce correctly. Mei suspected that they were to let her in on a top secret project that the corporation was dumping millions of research and development funds into. The other possibility was a raise. She couldn’t be late either way.

After drumming her fingers a million times on the leather Mercedes steering wheel, she pulled up in front of a building with towering white pillars decorating the front. The valet started towards her from his stand. She stepped out, trying to act as elegant as she could manage.

Throw the keys at him. Do it like the rich people in movies, he’ll will totally catch it. She thought for a split second, before handing the keys over to the valet.

The restaurant's facade was a masterpiece of classic architecture, with towering white columns and sweeping arches. Delicate ivy climbed the walls, adding a touch of green to the pristine white. Polished brass nameplates gleamed beside the entrance, where a porter in a crisp uniform awaited the arrival of guests.

Feeling horribly underdressed, Mei went up to the entrance, hoping that she hadn’t kept her company waiting too long. The porter opened the door and gestured for her to enter. She stepped in, trying not to marvel at the extraordinary interior ambiance. Couldn’t let it be seen that this was the nicest place she’s ever eaten before.

After a quick glance around, she saw her director standing and waving at her from the other side of the room. They both took their seats in a corner booth.

At this point, Celine had taken in the full luxury of the furnishing. The interior exuded understated elegance, featuring muted gold accents and deep mahogany panels. Plush, upholstered chairs surrounded tables set with sterling silverware and hand-cut crystal glassware. Each table offered privacy with the strategic placement of tall, slender topiaries, and the lighting was subdued to set the mood. Soft classical music whispered in the background.

“Hey Lin, I hope I didn’t keep you waiting too long.” Mei said.

“No worries, just arrived. I’m so glad to see you! I already picked a wine, I went ahead and got us the bottle. Got us both the wagyu beef salad to start. ” Lin replied cheerfully, pouring two glasses from an extravagantly hand-blown decanter. Mei was suspicious of her overt optimistic demeanor.

“Sounds great.” Mei sipped the wine. The flavors cascaded over her palate with a velvety richness, revealing layers of ripe black cherries, deep plum, and a finish of spicy oak. Absolutely exquisite. She didn’t want to know the price.

“Not to cut straight to business, but I’m dying to know what this is all about. Crossing my fingers that it’s good news.” Mei stated.

“Always brass tacks, no bullshit with you. That’s what I like, that’s why I chose you.”

“Chose me?”


“For this project we’re working on. I should make you sign a non-disclosure, but let’s assume this falls under the one you signed for your current position. We’re doing testing. Nanopulse.”

Mei raised her eyebrows in a mixture of shock, confusion, and disdain. Nanopulses were potent neural experiences created by programming nanobots to synthetically stimulate precise neurological pathways in the brain. Basically, they were pills filled with microscopic robots that pulled and pressed on certain parts of the brain to induce, well anything. It could be a smell, taste, sound, memory, or entire sensorium of input. They can be engineered to induce any desired state of euphoria, hallucination, mania, or fundamentally alter one's consciousness and perception of reality itself. Packaged in plastic containers, nanopulses consisted of a few pills that needed to be taken simultaneously for activation.

The field of research was born decades ago with virtual reality headsets. Realizing they couldn’t achieve full immersion with wearables, corporations began looking to move to direct brain implants. NvidiApple, the leading corporation in brain-computer interfaces, had proved that the technology was effective in a trial. The lab was quickly shuttered into secrecy after publication. 

Other companies caught on and replicated the studies, many starting their own research teams. At this time, there are no official products or medical treatments that are approved to use the technology. On the street, there was a raging illicit market for all kinds of cartel-sourced or homemade versions.

“Is that what we’re spending all this money on? You know I had to lay off three of my technicians because of the cuts right? And it’s on… drugs? We don’t even have a product that is in that industry!” Mei blurted out, the emotion suddenly rising in her throat.

“Let’s take a step back. I want you to separate what is going on out there and in our company.” Lin replied calmly, pointing towards a window and back at the table. “This brain-computer interface stuff, it’s unfathomable what can be done. We’re talking implementation into every product on the planet. This is beyond a general purpose technology, this will be bigger than anything that’s ever been rolled out.”

“They say that in every product release or press meeting. Convince me. Convince me to leave the projects I’ve spent all year on and pick this up.” Mei retorted sarcastically.

“That’s easy. Greatness. You have the opportunity to be on the research team that brings this into fruition. Think Oppenheimer and the bomb, Einstein and relativity. History books. We bring this to the people, legally and safely, think of the possibilities. Think about how this could help treat mental illness, ones with physical and psychological basis.”

Mei pressed her lips together tightly and took a sharp inhale. Her gaze lingered on the sparkling silverware in deep thought.

“And I get to bring on my current team to this project?” Mei asked intently.

“You will be picking your own team, whoever that may be. I trust your intuition, though we will still do a standard screening before letting anyone in.”

The deal was too good to pass up. It was obvious the funding and compensation for that project was overflowing as well. She’d have authority, posterity, legacy, and a far less cramped workplace.

“Fuck it, a chance to change the course of history instead of being another lab rat? Explain the project.”
